the San Diego Chargers host the Carolina
Panthers is going to be Tony Sinise best
bet of the week Chargers a three-point
favorite coming off a big victory over
the Steelers tony is there life in this
charger team there is life and I think
the Chargers have been a little
deceptive this year their defense is
absolutely improved and I'm saying this
is everybody saw the Ray Rice fourth and
29 and that's hard for me to say under
those circumstances that I had San Diego
that day too ouch yeah yeah that's when
you tell your grandkids about but this
is a much improved charger team they
could not get off the field last year
the Chargers big problem this year is
offensive line injuries and it's
affected that whole chemistry of the
offense and now of a sudden you have
rivers running for his life making poor
decisions and it just snow balled I
think the Chargers are live in this game
I think they played a mistake free game
against Pittsburgh I believe they were
something like 12 for 22 on third down
conversions no turnover is played field
position I think the Chargers are alive
yeah field position was big because
ordinarily their special teams have been
atrocious the last couple of years
special teams played very well last week
VR my line says this number is on point
so I'm going to lay 11 the 10 there's
got to be other reasons to do so the i
agree with tony on the on the san diego
side as far as this team maybe a little
underrated because of their record but
here's a team that's done this year in
year out i mean even when they had the
number one offense number one defense
they couldn't get anything done right
and it's the playoffs exactly and that
tells me there there's a deeper problem
than just what the product on the field
and i think it all stems back to the
coaching staff we all know that and
what's interesting about this game and
here's why Eileen the Carolina a little
bit we're looking at a head coaches that
know each other Carolina's coach rivera
was
their defensive coordinator for four
years so I think he's gonna know Norv
Turner extreme really well North
Turner's going to know him extremely
well but I give the defensive side of it
a little bit of advantage and coupled
that with three backup offensive lineman
for San Diego listen I've been saying
that Carolina's under over rated the
whole year before the season started I I
said under four season wins I thought
there was just too much hype because of
what they did last year and you know I
was not surprised I kept hearing near
the best to and 16 they're the best to
and 17 the best to an ATM right now
about 49 they're probably the best born
probably ok but still so I'm not falling
for that hype but i just think san diego
i added just the the season coming into
this season this isn't where they
expected to be a five and eight and I
just I can't lay points with them even
at home where's Ryan Matthews been you
know is he he's still on the squad I
think it was a combination of being
injured and he was a fun blur yeah and
he had a like a stretch where he had two
lost fumbles in a three-game stretch and
they buried him they they're averaging
three point seven yards per carry which
is awful 95 yards a game which is just
as awful what saving them is on the
defensive side of the ball it's almost
those exact same averages so the defense
like you said has stepped up a little
bit this year it's not like they're
dominating defense but I don't always
going to be a game i'm betting to be
honestly yeah you know I kind of my
first thought was I like Cam Newton be
somewhat like about the last four games
yeah like he's kind of figured it out a
little bit I'm not sure this one's on my
radar well we always like to look at
motivation at this point is who's
motivated who is motivating him I don't
know san diego coming off that big wind
does that motivate you or do you relax a
little bit i'm not sure i think the key
here is even under the best of worst of
circumstances they have played well in
december
and the best teams and their worst teams
somehow Norv has them playing their best
ball in December that's that solid
coaching hey well this is all part of
the grand design this is the chance that
what it is they hear that okay we've
talked about it let's go ahead and make
it official this is my best bet of the
week I love San Diego minus the three
and i know that a lot of people would
have a problem with that game norv
turner is a lot of people's punching bag
but san diego traditionally plays their
best ball in december i think they
turned it around a little bit last week
i believe san diego minus 3 is a fair
number and i'm laying the three with
confidence very good that's a very good
point but I mean he's had a great
December yes yeah I don't know how and
why but it boy the facts are the facts
as they make that case though if this
guy keeps his job with all I being an
uprising he's gotta have something on on
on spanos it has to sponge gave him the
game ball after that's what I'm saying
he's got a picture in his safe or
something something compromises one of
our countrymen yeah that's what I mean
there's gotta be something I thought yet
figured out okay coming up next okay I'm
not going to comment yeah I'm staying
away from where do I dvr'd take care of
that yeah next we're going to hear one
more time from Tony he's going to talk
about the Steelers dallas game so stay
tuned remember you can see all our
videos at pregame TV